Dog,
I challenge YOU TO A MUGUMAN BATTLE.
>> YOU'RE ON.
>> GO, MUGMUG.
ATTACK.
OH, that's the original Mugmug. That
means it's time for some new flavors.
Watermelon Mugmug. Go.
>> The watermelon mug mug that does 200%
fruity damage.
Yes.
>> Oh yeah. I got a new flavor of my own.
Mug cow.
Well, I'm not amused. Watermelon mug
return.
I didn't want to have to use this.
Mugmug Ultimate FORM
the Mugmug. [music] Brick. Brick. HE'S
ALL BRICKED UP. BLEACH. IT'S JUST a
brick.
Wait. No, Doug. That doesn't even make
sense. Doesn't It doesn't even have a
drink hole.
>> DOES HE KNOW?
>> YEAH.
THAT'S RIGHT. THREE NEW MUGMUG flavors
are now [music] available. Watermelon,
cow, and brick.
How are you?
>> Why am I [music] in this commercial?
Available at dougdug.shop.
[music]
I made a chess app where every
individual piece is controlled by an
actual human being in Twitch chat, which
means this is chess with 32 different
humans all coordinating what they want
to do on every single turn. The question
is, can you play a game of chess like
this? Maybe. I don't know. So, I picked
16 random viewers from A crew onto the
white team, 16 random viewers from Z
crew onto the black team, and told them
that if any one of them dies in the
game, I'm banning them from my channel.
I didn't actually tell them that
beforehand, but I demand blood. Good
luck, chatters.
>> Is there a way to make it so not all
pieces can talk at once? 32 TTS going
off at the same time sounds incredibly
overstimulating.
>> But my boy, you seem to be
misunderstanding the entire point of the
stream. This is going to be confusing
and overwhelming. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
WELCOME TO CHESS. BUT EVERY SINGLE PIECE
IS A real human inside of Twitch chat.
If this guy says he wants to charge
forward and attack and then they die,
that's on them. As is tradition in
chess, we will begin the game with the
honorary coin [music] flip. Whoever gets
the flip right to decide if they go
first or not. I watched football
recently. I don't actually know how
chess works. Captain Jay Dog, do you
call heads or tails?
>> Let's go, my [music] queen.
>> Okay, white team calls heads. IT IS
TAILS. BLACK WILL BE GOING FIRST.
>> GREAT.
>> Just as THE CHESS GODS INTENDED. BLACK
TEAM, you guys are up. You have one
minute to collectively decide.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING? GO.
>> SHOULD WE CALL a truce?
>> No, don't call a truce.
>> Oh, king pawn forwards, too.
>> King pawn forwards, too. Okay, there's a
pitch for Shard of Glass to move
forward.
>> No. No. The horse.
>> Okay, the pawn doesn't want to move
forward.
>> I want to eat
>> charge shard of glass.
>> Hey, look. Shard of glass. I'm going to
be honest. Everybody is saying that
Shard of Glass should move forward, but
you have to agree to it.
>> We should find middle ground with our
opponents and settle this
diplomatically.
>> I like that move.
>> No, you can't even under No, hold on.
Shard of Glass, do you accept being
moved forward?
>> Just [__] do it, Doug.
>> Jesus.
>> New uh
>> uh Okay, we're going to go off of
majority rules. I'm sorry, Shard of
Glass. You're running out of the
trenches first. Good luck with glory of
glass.
>> Shard, I'm so sorry.
>> Okay, white team. This is the board
state. What do you want to do?
>> I'm going to die, bro. I volunteer as
tribute to charge forwards towards the
enemy.
>> Okay, Mchu is volunteering. I'd follow
MNU to hell and back. Any objections?
>> Heal. No objections.
>> I will follow him next turn.
>> Okay. All right. Looks like Mu wants to
go. Wait, Mchu, how far?
>> I just want to kill someone before I
die.
>> Okay. Shard of glasses and Mintu are now
like eyeing each other across the
battlefield. Unfortunately, their rifles
just out of range. This is a very tense
situation here between our two pawns.
That being said, black team, you are up.
The Sicilian is Sicilian.
>> Oh my god. Okay.
>> Peace talks are possible.
>> We're not doing peace talks. What do you
guys How do you play this game?
>> Start a prediction zone.
>> I'm not sharing prediction. Why would we
do that?
>> Can I move
>> you? No, you're blocked. Yo,
>> we've gone forwards. We must sacrifice
the proletariat.
>> Okay, there's a pitch for VHS players to
move forward.
>> Finish the attack.
>> What do you mean? Are you suggesting
that YOU JUST SEND SHARD OF BLAST
forward and
>> Queen pawn forward one? The black team
are cowards who are
>> Okay, the current pitch is forward. Are
there any concerns with Vel forward one
space?
>> I charge forward to E6. THE QUEEN WANTS
TO CHARGE FORWARD TO ONE SPOT. OKAY. Are
you moving the queen or the pawn?
Everybody decide. That's a king, not a
queen. That's the Oh, what? Wait, no.
I'm the queen, dude.
>> Okay,
>> I have to make a name for myself.
[laughter]
>> Wants. That's true. Dude, you've had
pawn energy your whole life. Vali moves
forward by one. Black team has made
their move.
>> I think we should move a knight.
>> Okay, queen forward.
>> I will be willing to be a kamicazi.
>> Bizarre. You don't have to go. You
remind me of those people in battles who
are like, "It's totally unnecessary.
There isn't a fight." You're like, "I'll
go die for the team." It's like, dude,
nobody's asking you to die yet, man.
You're not relevant to the fight yet.
>> Can all of the pawns move together?
>> No, that's not how you need to move,
please.
>> Who does who said that? You're not It's
not your turn right now. Okay, I'm
seeing Melo moving forward as the
consensus.
>> I'm Meline can move forward. One,
>> you have moved forward. This is I
believe this is silly opening. Z crew,
you are up.
>> Okay, y'all. What are we doing?
>> We should develop a night. People are
talking about developing the night.
Saraphin or Piploo can do this.
>> Survives. Get those horses out there.
>> Which horse?
>> Okay, we can eat grass.
>> Saraphin and Piploo. Which one of you
guys wants to charge forward into the
unknown?
>> Me.
>> No, you are a rook. You can't do that.
Can we go together and hold hands? You
can do one of you can move this turn and
the next turn the other would move
forward. Why didn't this get red? Did I
mute you guys somehow? What? Did it
break? Oh no. I just realized [music] I
don't have a way to reset the program
without needing to reset everybody. God,
no.
[screaming]
>> Whoa. Okay.
>> Hello.
>> Thank you for that.
>> Douglas, my voice. Please, God help.
>> I'm sorry. I don't know what happened. I
don't know what happened.
>> What are you guys doing? Is Sarapin or
Piploo moving? What is your plan?
>> Piple Zero to C6.
>> Okay, Piploo is moving into the center.
>> I will kill myself in the worst way for
my [laughter] team. Hey crew, you guys
are up.
>> We should send a knight on the attack.
>> People are talking about moving a horse.
Which horse do you want to send?
>> Move be not.
>> Who is B not? They meant be knight. Oh,
be knight for Okay. All right. That
seems to be the consensus.
>> I pet the horsey.
>> Okay. Melis pets the horse.
>> Piploo. Can I pet you?
>> Um, thank you for asking Piplau for
permission.
>> Can I go next to Pipple0? We were
supposed to hold hands and eat grass.
>> Hey, Saraps forward. Congratulations. Y
really wants to move. Just consider that
for the future. Okay. All right. All
right. All right. A crew, what do you
want to do?
>> G file knight up to F3.
>> There's a suggestion from Safo to move
here. Any objections?
>> I agree.
>> Okay, you're moving forward. Knight
moves up.
>> I need to move now.
>> Y [laughter]
really wants to move.
>> Can he jump over me?
>> No, that's not how chess works.
>> # free yelp
>> stardust live move then I move then long
cast.
>> Wait, can you do that? Can you long
castle? If we move Stardust, then you'll
>> # freeelp.
>> Okay, I don't think yelp is like Yelp's
going to be fine.
>> Can I move to the left to protect a
queen or king?
>> No, that's not how pawns work.
>> Does anyone know how chess works? Okay,
we're moving. Stardust. Stardust. Where
are you moving to?
>> F5.
>> F5. Okay, Stardust. You're moving here.
>> Come at me, coward.
>> All right, this is the state of the
board. A
>> my fellow bishop. Alt F4.
>> What do you want to do? This will slowly
become less chaotic as people die. me to
G5.
>> Okay, Daring is offering to move up to
G5, which is a crazy bold move.
>> I will sacrifice myself.
>> That's not necessary at all right now.
[laughter] Thank you for the offer.
>> No, I will do it.
>> NO, BUT WHY? WHY DO THAT? THERE'S NO
BENEFIT to that.
>> You will immensely.
>> Daring's move sounds good. I will be
Daring.
>> Who's Daring? Okay, Daring is offering
to go up here.
>> I believe in my bishop.
>> Daring is moving to G5.
Let's do the al Gambit. Credit to Corg
and discord.
>> Okay,
>> move the H pawn to threat.
>> Good knowing you.
>> Someone is suggesting we move banana boy
forward bishop,
>> but also
permanent.
>> This pawn is just scared.
>> The queen is offering to move to E7,
which would be here to be clear.
>> The yogurt effect.
>> It's what?
>> I'm proud to die for my team.
>> You don't have to. There's no reason.
>> We successfully confused them.
>> They are really thrown off by Darren's
blade. Not too late to accept a draw
white crew.
>> Okay, most people are saying to move the
queen. Visier, where are you moving to?
>> Dog, I may be real. I want to move E.
>> Dope. If Vice moves this turn, look at
how much space you'll have to move. It's
going to be the best feeling ever. Okay,
queen moves to E7. I didn't see any
objectives.
>> That's when chess about yogurt.
>> Okay. Uh, in a brilliant play, Z crew is
slowly coming together. A crew, you guys
are up. Here's the state of the board on
a high level.
>> Queen,
>> I have a question for people who know
chess. Does this board look anything
like it ever normally does? Like, is
this a good set of moves?
>> Kind of.
>> No.
>> White is winning and it's not even
close.
>> Doug, listen to me.
>> Yeah, okay, I'm listening.
>> Move me forward too to threaten
Stardust.
>> Safo, join me in the front lines. [__]
you. Stay away from me.
>> Stardust [__] hates this. Friend of
Saf moves forward and threaten Stardust.
Okay. All right.
>> Seven.
>> We are officially entering the death
zone. You can now kill other members of
the other team. Stardust is currently
being threatened by SAF. You can move
them back or in all carry my birthday
spirit forward. Let me castle.
>> Okay. Yelp really wants to castle at the
same time. Saraphin could move forward,
kill Saf. Stardust could kill Saf or
Stardust could move back.
>> If any one of you kills the guy, I will
kamicazi you when you get the chance.
>> Don't kill me. It is my birthday.
>> You don't need to do that.
>> D6. I have love [music] to spread.
>> Okay. The consensus seems to be Stardust
is moving back. Crew has retreated. A
crew's advance seems to be working.
>> War never changes.
>> A crew, you're now up. [music]
>> Can I move?
>> Okay. Colossiaptor offering to move.
>> Luna, forward to get me out.
>> If Luna moves forward, Chernisk could
then pop forward. Luna, what do you
think? Luna, are you alive? Do you want
one or two spaces forward?
>> Bless my homework, Doug.
>> May your homework go well. May you get
straight A's with full pawn energy. What
do you want? G3 or four,
>> Luna.
>> G3.
>> Are you literally just doing homework
right now?
>> G3.
>> You do need
>> I appreciate G3.
>> That you're studious and that you're
Okay, you're moving forward to three.
Thank you.
>> She is gone forever, Doug.
>> No, they're not. Luna is here.
>> What kind of homework?
>> We are playing chess. Why did you Okay,
whatever. That's fine. That's fine. See,
crew, you can talk again.
>> Jesus Christ, dog. I swear I have Vis on
my side. Let me move.
>> Time to long castle.
>> Okay. A lot of excitement for the long
castle. Do we finally free Yelp? Any
objections? Anything else? Castle time.
Castle time. Okay, fine.
>> Yes, finally.
>> Yelp, you have been freed.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, I am so honored
and happy.
>> This is so free
>> for yelp. Castle.
>> This is so
long.
>> Finally moves. Wow.
>> Congrats y'all.
Congrats y'all. Wait, I don't want to go
there. WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
THAT'S WHAT A LITTLE CASTLE IS. IT'S TOO
LATE. THE MOVE is done. We are going to
a crew.
>> Ka pressure their queen.
>> So, Kai, if you want to go on a suicidal
mission,
>> that's my horsey.
>> You could move here and then you would
be threatening their queen, but then
Stardust could kill you, but then
Stardust would die. But Stardust has
been shown to be a coward who doesn't
want to die.
>> You are not a coward, Kai. Kai, this is
a wild and crazy move to put yourself up
into this spot. You will threaten Queen,
but you could die immediately. What say
you?
>> For the cause.
>> For a crew.
>> I pet the horsey for encouragement.
[laughter]
>> Okay,
>> I will move.
>> Kika steps forward, MAKING BRUTAL EYE
CONTACT WITH THE ENEMY TEAM.
>> That's my horsey.
>> Crew,
>> don't you dare.
>> We need to take the night to start us.
>> [__] Where bathroom? You just go where
you're standing.
>> Sarah together. [laughter]
>> Okay. All right. All right. Black team Z
crew, you could choose to take first
blood. Stardust, you would have to do
it, but you would be avenged.
>> Let me take I can
>> YOU CAN'T. THAT'S NOT HOW ROOKS WORK.
THERE'S A PAWN HERE. WAIT, you could die
multiple ways. Saraphin could also kill
the horse.
>> Kill him.
>> Cuz then Sarapin is backed up by
Stardust. Oh, beans. This could be bad.
>> There's no peace.
>> I don't think peace is happening. What
do you want to do? You guys need to make
a call. Kai is threatening your queen
right now.
>> Move the queen.
>> I guess you could move the queen, but
then Kai, I guess you could tech. That's
such a
>> Saraphin do it for the cause.
>> Man, I just work here.
>> Okay, Stardust is trying to convince
Sarapin to make the suicidal play.
>> Saraphene can't take because Bishop will
take queen after.
>> Oh [__] you're right. Daring is here
threatening the queen of Sarapin. It has
to be Stardust. We love you, Stardust.
>> [__] it. I'll die for my true loves.
Discord chat and all women, especially
our black queen.
>> Stardust has offered to make the
sacrifice. Kai, final words.
>> There's so many stories where some brave
hero decides to give their life to save
the day. And because of their sacrifice,
the good guys win. The survivors all
cheer and everybody lives happily.
>> Star,
>> but the hero never gets to see that
ending.
>> Build a statue.
>> They'll never know if their sacrifice
actually made a difference. Kana Griff,
>> not my horsey.
>> Blood has been spilled.
>> I will avenge you, Kana. Kana was the
best of us. 07.
>> See you in the halls of Horsefalla.
[laughter]
>> 07 Ka, you were a good horsey.
>> Okay. Okay. All right. Everybody's in
agreement. Kana was a good horsey.
>> I'm willing to take Stardust.
>> Okay. Any concerns with Mint taking
Stardust?
>> Black started the violence, we must take
back.
>> I will kill them. Do it and make sure he
suffers. [laughter]
>> Make sure he suffer. Stardust, any final
words?
>> Everyone hearing this, know that you're
loved and that things will get better.
Unless you're Mintu. [laughter]
>> And Mintu.
>> Stardust. I love
>> I will do it for the bisexuals.
>> Kills [screaming]
Stardust.
>> Let him die slowly and show him a
picture of Kai's family.
>> Revenge Stardust. [laughter]
>> Oh, that makes
Okay. All right. Z crew, what do you do?
Banana boy, move one space forward.
>> Banana boy could move forward to
threaten bishop.
>> Zero to D4.
>> Let me
>> I will kill everybody.
>> No, I that's a I like your attitude, but
where where are you going to kill
everybody also? Or banana boy? Banana,
are you alive?
>> Banana, I dare you.
>> Hey guys, I just got back from a shower.
What happened?
>> Banana, do you want to move forward to
threaten the bishop daring who is
literally daring you to attack? You're
fresh and clean. Are you ready for a
fight?
>> Oh god.
>> Yeah. What do you think?
>> Uh, let move forward too. [laughter]
>> Like to here.
>> Put your best foot forward.
>> What the actual [__] not?
>> No, just one.
>> No, not two. Only one space.
>> Just one. One, right, Banana?
>> Move forward one. Someone [__] move,
bro.
>> I Okay,
>> let me move forward one.
>> We both want to move. Okay. All right.
Banana has agreed to MOVE FORWARD BY
ONE.
>> I want to kill somebody.
>> Piploo is looking for blood. I know what
to do.
>> All right, friend of Saf,
>> move bishop on G to E8. That puts them
in check.
>> Me to H3. Check.
>> Cernis moves forward.
>> I'm ready.
>> And aims his sights all the way.
>> Check your holiness.
>> Me, please.
>> Oh [__] King to the left.
>> Yelp. You can move to D7.
>> You must decide.
>> Yelp, we need you.
>> Go to save the king. You can't kill.
>> Die for this [__] Douglas, do not [__]
with me. [laughter]
>> Okay.
>> Yelp, this is you. Our moment. Yelp
could actually move forward to block the
king.
>> Move left one.
>> Or the king could just move left. That's
also fine. But that would mean Yelp
can't move forward. Yelp, if you do
that, you'll die. You do realize that,
right?
>> I must get some exercise. # free.
>> I am ready to com if they block.
>> That's the thing. Look at that guy. He's
[__] crazy. You can't trust this guy.
He's going TO KILL HIMSELF.
>> KING LEFT. Don't yelp. Yelp is essential
to our ending. Left one.
>> Okay. Yelp and Neon. You guys need to
decide.
>> Honestly.
>> Uh-huh.
>> I see blood in his eyes.
>> King, you should move.
>> Okay. Yelp resists the urge to move.
King moves left by one. That is final
decision. The check is avoided. A crew,
you guys are now up. Coward. This is the
slowest game of chess. This maybe ever
been played. Believe me, I've played
slower.
>> I take the horse.
>> Wait, you're just going to go for the
horse? You mad man.
>> I am not a coward. I am Daring.
>> Daring wants to sack themselves.
>> Guys, can I eat crass in heaven?
>> 07.
>> Daring. 07
>> I will take new Sarah I will avenge you
>> and Daring kills Sarapin
>> that's against the Geneva convention you
know
>> we need to avenge Sarapin with our queen
by Sierra take
>> the ground beneath you no one will say a
coward you will know my wrath look into
my [__] eyes
>> VHS is like LOOK AT ME [__] LOOK AT
ME
>> QUEEN takes vice is better move
>> okay
>> Vicer should move forward one smiley
[laughter] face
me probably. Okay. Vice moves forward
and takes out Daring 101. An immediate
trade. Daring. Final word.
>> I'll miss you guys. Keep fighting.
>> Goodbye.
>> I salute you. Daring
>> Vice Ser you monster.
>> 07 my bishop brother.
>> I could get Piploo.
>> Eat that horsey.
>> Oh yeah. Mint too. We could just kill a
knight right here.
>> Mint looking hungry.
>> Okay.
>> I will eat more ze. I will kill you.
Mint. Don't test me.
>> I am never satiated.
>> Piploo. Not [__] Mint.
>> Another horse has fallen at Mu's hands.
>> Mu, if you do that, [music] I will burst
your gut open and destroy everything you
represent.
>> Oh my [__] god. Not the other horse.
>> Final words. Final words. I love you
all. Piploo. False.
>> I will see hell and I will wreck more
havoc there.
>> To Mintu T.
>> Pog new.
>> Okay.
>> I will avenge you, horsey.
>> I don't think you're capable of doing
that right now.
>> I'm sad. I know what you [music] must
do.
>> Sad face.
>> Pain. Kill that murderous bastard.
>> Mintu, final word.
>> I die happy.
>> And ye takes down MTU.
>> I will tattoo your name on my back.
Mint.
>> Okay. All right. All right. A crew, you
guys are up. This is the current state
of the board. This looks like a
disaster. I don't know chess very well.
I don't think Z crew is doing that well.
>> We are losing.
>> I will accept your surrender now. A
team.
>> Let me check that king. I want blood.
>> Okay. Captain Jay Dog wants to get in
the line of fire with the king. Give our
queen blood.
>> Captain Jay Dog moves up to B3.
>> I move to A8.
>> That is
>> I kind of have to.
>> I believe the only move you can do right
now. So, king moves into the corner to
dodge the check from here and dodge the
check from here.
>> Get behind me, Mr. President. [laughter]
>> Dude, 16s is going to take a queen right
to the face for Neon. All right. All
right. All right.
>> Okay. Long castle time.
>> You could long castle. You free up Lucas
to get out here. Oh, no. Lucas, we get
here.
>> I got to move G1. Cry Nami really wants
to move. G1 would move you back.
>> That's a castle
>> to here. Knight is currently under
attack by the queen as a heads up.
Goodbye. Cry. I've enjoyed our time
together.
>> Cryo to D2.
>> Okay, moving to D2. Z crew.
>> I have no idea. NGL,
>> just [__] kill someone already.
>> Me?
>> Actually, yeah. Y B8.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay, there is actually a relevant move
for Yulp to do that will help if Yol
moves here that puts threat on the
queen. Yelp at all costs.
>> Yelp moves left to protect his king
president. Captain Jay Dog is now being
threatened. Captain could go in and take
the rook. That would be somewhat
idiotic, but you could do it.
>> Need to see three. Captain, I don't want
you to die. I will take the shot for
you.
>> The American Gamer offering to take the
rook shot. And you know with how much
Yelp likes moving, he'll probably charge
forward.
>> Yelp, come and get some.
>> Captain moves over one spot. They're no
longer being threatened by Yelp.
>> This is dumb. Yelp, I don't want to see
you die, but I understand. Yelp, don't
do it.
>> Move me.
>> Yelp, that's a suicide mission.
>> B7.
>> Wait, B7 is just one spot. [laughter]
Hold on. You just want to move here. We
shall form a powerful wall.
>> Yuru up is also good.
>> Okay, the other is ye moving up. Vel can
move up.
>> Protect our pawn structure by moving.
>> [__] stuck.
>> Okay,
>> 4 Z crew.
>> I'm seeing consensus.
>> Don't let their queen get to C6. Yay.
Yay. Moves up. Boom. They have, as I
believe the term is, developed.
>> You got this. Yay.
>> Here we go.
>> Should we castle Jaxpa out?
>> All right. Considering castle to free up
Jaxpa to get a rook out into play cuz
like people are thinking a little more
about the terms now.
>> I concur. Let's castle here.
>> Cool. Oreo and Jaxa. Do a castle. Jaxa,
you are now opened up.
>> As long as we spill their blood and
satisfied. [music] I'm staring death in
the face and I like it.
Viser is just [__] glaring at you,
man. Across the room, just eye contact,
locked in. You're trying to enjoy your
friends. You're both at dinner, right?
And like across the whole restaurant,
they're just [__] right at you.
They've been doing it for 30 minutes.
Let's get back to killing each other. Z
crew.
>> What about moving me?
>> Yelp really wants to move.
>> I [__] see you, pawn.
>> Moving Yelp forward [laughter] to
consolidate on that open file might be
good. Dumb American Gamer. They are like
on opposite ends of the restaurant.
>> You are done.
>> And [laughter] this guy just will not
stop making eye contact.
>> Your blood will be my new gloves.
>> Queen to G5.
>> Queen to G5 would be here. Would put
pressure on the knight.
>> I got your back, Vice.
>> Okay. Vice moves to G5. Hey, crew. You
guys are up.
>> Guys, I've made observations. Se crew is
very bloodlusty and potentially
homoerotic.
>> Homoerotic. That's not okay. Seems to be
a lot more uh deliberation nowadays. We
are thinking
>> Lucas to be one.
>> Hold on. I want to call this out. A lot
of people actually taking time to think,
asking questions, thinking about this in
a coordinated, coherent, thoughtful way.
They're not just giving into their urges
to move.
>> Stop thinking and send me in King.
>> So, American Gamer is sick and tired of
Vault staring at him.
>> Come at me.
>> Come at me, yelp. I want all the smoke.
>> No, that will lose us material.
>> You would be in attack range of yay.
move, but only one tile.
>> Dame, one tile or two?
>> One.
>> Okay.
>> The pawn's path is short, but his
purpose is eternal.
>> The American moves up one space. That
feels like a terrible move, but okay.
>> Hey, Safo, want to play powder cake.
>> Z crew focused as always.
>> B4 me.
>> Yelp wants to move to B4 and just get up
into American Gamer's face for a little
bit of a showdown. Captain Jay Dog would
be able to threaten, but then Yaya can
threaten back.
>> Actually, send Yelp. Wait, actually.
>> Go Yelp. You can do it. It is Yelpin
time.
>> I will not die in vain. I will get that
scum back.
>> Yelp moves forward to challenge the
American Gamer.
>> I would follow you to hell and back.
Yelp.
>> We are young.
>> I can't wait to approach.
>> We love Yelp.
>> Yelp moves up.
>> God gets right up into AMERICAN GAMER'S
FACE, PUSHES them in the chest, and
says, "U bro,
>> [__] you and your king." [laughter]
Captain Jay Dog could technically take,
but Yaya is defending. A crew, you guys
are up.
>> I have an ide.
>> Sam has an idea.
>> Let's hear it. Darwin to F4 to pressure
queen.
>> Move Darwin up.
>> I think I'll die though.
>> You'll die a hero. Darwin.
>> Darwin, are you willing to do it?
>> I'm scared to move, Doug. A cruise like
a dinosaur.
>> Chad is telling me it's a bad idea.
Wait.
>> Doesn't matter. Darwin moves up to F4
and looks right in THE EYES OF VICE AND
BLUFF. KILL THAT [__] [laughter]
>> I want to see the blood of Vice spelled.
>> I'm willing to die taking Darwin if
that's what the team needs.
>> It's my first stream.
>> Darwin literally asking for mercy,
pleading with Bluff not to do it. Bloff,
you take Darwin. Otherwise, Viser will
die. You can protect your queen right
now, Bluff. You've been doing it for the
nation.
>> I will wear your intestines as a scarf
and your scalp as a hat.
>> Chat, we need to charge. Get him.
>> Don't ban me on my first stream.
>> And the first time streamer Darwin falls
to Darwin's law.
[screaming and groaning]
>> All is fair and love and Warpl.
>> We love you, Paul. 27.
>> Okay. PLUFF PLUNGES INTO the front
lines. Curtis,
>> I'm sorry. That was my idea. My blunder.
Saf regretting the move after seeing
their friend die.
>> Darwin's blood stains my hands.
>> Blood pours on the streets.
>> Blood must have blood.
>> Luda has the ability for revenge right
now, but then could be taken by Viser,
who could be taken by Enigmatic. Lots of
options. All right. What do you want to
do?
>> I want blood.
>> Enigmatic wants the blood. If Enigmatic
moves up and takes Pluff, Viser can't
take without Luna taking back.
>> I'll take.
>> Make them bleed.
>> It looks like Enigma is taking down
Pluff. Pluff, final words.
>> Go, Enigma. Remember me, chat
>> and pluff.
>> Pluff, you had the most pawn energy.
>> Pluff. No, it was worth it.
>> The gods will rain hellfire upon you,
Enigma.
>> Okay. Viser cannot kill enigmatic giant.
>> Viser,
>> what do you guys want to do? Zeu,
>> we need to save the queen. She needs to
go somewhere else.
>> Well, the queen isn't in danger.
>> I dare you. Y'all,
>> come at me. A
>> queen isn't in danger right now.
>> You are a pawn. A piece used for the
gains of someone else's means.
>> All right. What do you want to do? The
only thing happening is yelp is talking
[__] with the American gamer.
>> Bro can't even move diagonal. I'm here
to give names and wipe ass.
>> That's not the right way.
>> You will die and only be mentioned by my
name.
>> What do you want to do?
>> I will move to F6 if need be.
>> Yeah, you could move up. Gets more
protection on the queen potentially.
>> I move.
>> Okay, VHS is moving. Hey crew, you guys
are up. Here's the state of the board.
>> Interesting. I want to avenge Daring.
Move me F3. Go horsey.
>> My horse, you will lead us to glory.
>> I am the last living horse.
>> Cryo wants to move up to start
threatening as the last horse.
>> Die in honor.
>> Desperately wants to make a sacrifice.
Could also move Lucas out to be too.
>> Yelp, I have to admit something. I am in
love.
>> Okay, besides you
>> with you. [laughter]
>> No.
>> Besides this rivalry, is anybody want to
do anything?
>> That is a filthy versus captain kill
yelp for my confusing.
>> Okay, cryo moving to F3 appears to be
the consensus. Any objections?
>> Don't do it, captain.
>> Horse attack.
>> Horse attacks to F3. That puts pressure
on Vice the queen.
>> Z crew. Crazy position right now.
>> Yo, hear me out. Queen to H5.
>> So H5 would be here. Oh, that's kind of
a sick move, honestly, cuz then you
could threaten Cryo from here.
>> Do it.
>> All right, Visera moves here.
>> Your queen is a coward. Me to G2.
>> Luna advance. I think Luna should
advance to put on pressure.
>> Okay, Luna forward. This seems to be the
consensus. Luna moves forward. Putting
pressure on the queen vice here.
>> Please.
>> Nope. Too many people wanted Luna.
>> No, don't move Luna.
>> Wait, you like four of you said it. It's
locked in. Z crew, you're alive.
>> Why does everyone hate me? Vice, take
the bishop.
>> I get a second bishop in my belly.
>> Sarah, take the bishop.
>> Why don't you listen to me, dog?
>> I IT'S NOT 07.
>> Like four people said for Luna to move
forward. That's what we're doing. And
unfortunately for Churnisk, Viser is
able to move forward and takes Churnis.
Final words.
>> Rigged.
>> Vice kills.
>> Don't you dare.
>> I didn't rig it.
>> Rigged. [screaming]
>> It may seem risky, but it's the path to
victory.
>> I may have been [music] blinded by blood
lust.
>> We had a huge advantage and now we are
losing to American. You guys are going
to lose.
>> What's next?
>> Even game. Interesting. Let's go. A
crew, you're up.
>> Wait, I couldn't even become a kamicazi
if he kills me.
>> That's true. Bizarre. Bizarre has wanted
blood so bad. You are my right hand.
Bizarre.
>> I will die for you. King, I have a bomb
strapped to my chest. Don't you dare to
kill me.
>> King to F2 to prevent being locked into
a checkmate.
>> King F2.
>> I shall move.
>> People are moving. King to F2. That
doesn't make sense to me.
>> That's my king.
>> Um. All right.
>> It is the master plan. Trust.
>> Oh, I'm so tired.
>> Move belly forwards. It opens up room
for me to develop. And I'm still
protecting. Yay.
>> Be aggressive. BB be aggressive. option
for Vel to move forward. That would
presumably be killed by the pawn here.
So, we attack the rook.
>> Super could come up here. So, there's
pressure on the rook. Strong play.
>> I'm about to be John Cena and adjust
some [__] attitude. Same, bro. I can
move, but cryop.
>> Okay, my brain is like suddenly shutting
down. I don't know why. You know what?
Hold on. Think about what you want to do
for a second. I just realized my brain
is completely fried from this. So, we're
just going to chill for 30 seconds.
>> [sighs]
>> All right, taking a break from having
non-stop stuff being yelled into our
ears.
It's the moment of peace and quiet.
Here we go. Z crew, you're up. What are
you doing? Fight done.
>> Move Super up two. If the Riptick's VHS
or queen is in a much better position,
>> Super moves up by two. I take VHS on F6.
Come at me, Captain. I fear no man. I
live for the blood. I die for the blood.
>> Captain Jay Dog moves forward and slays
VHS.
>> My heart
>> will prevail [music] for you, VHS.
>> VHS is officially eliminated. I'm going
to be honest, Z crew. This is G7.
Looking bad.
>> Let me take Enigma.
>> Super can now take the rook here.
>> Come protect me.
>> But then you would lose your rook in
return.
>> Wyatt goes to G8.
>> This seems smarter to me. I second that.
Wyatt moves to dodge the queen's attack
here. A crew, you are now up.
>> Check with [music] queen.
>> An offer to check with the queen.
>> I move up one.
>> Enigmatic could move one to [music] get
out of the pawn. Attack.
>> I can kill super.
>> Cryo can jump up and kill Super. Cryo's
wanted blood for a long time. Seems like
a lot of thinking going on.
>> No idea even with thinking.
>> I like check.
>> Check.
>> That's three people in a row who just
said that.
>> Queen moves up and [music] puts the king
in check. Z crew, you are in check. You
must
to kill this.
>> You are screwed.
>> You can't do that.
>> Neon says, "Fuck." Neon,
>> move our king.
>> Walk with Yelp.
>> There's one option.
>> Y.
>> Oh, Yelp can move back. Yelp could bail,
guys.
>> Yelp is going to leave.
>> Fall back, boy.
>> The American GAMERS TALKING [__] MAN.
Is Yelp going to be the first one to
leave the stair down? Yelp is leaving to
defend the king. Yelp moves up. Gets
back next to their king side.
>> Okay. All right. All right. The check is
protected.
>> Wait. No. I'll be back for you,
American. [laughter]
>> Move me forward, king.
>> Okay. All right. All right. Queen attack
the pawn.
>> Queen can go for pawn here. That is the
first suggestion.
>> Yeah. Queen takes C7.
>> Queen takes C7.
>> Kill killed. I forgot to give you last
words. I will murder you if you take the
other pawn.
>> [__] New.
>> Super take the rook.
>> Super can at least take the rook here.
>> I will kill him.
>> Super kills. Adding Matic. [music] Final
words.
>> No.
>> Get him. I understand survivors killed
now.
>> Yeah. Ke
>> I die with honor.
>> Thank you. Enigmatic
>> 07.
>> You shall be remembered forever. IMAGINE
DYING TO A PAWN. Couldn't be me.
[laughter]
>> Queen C6 check.
>> Captain Jay Dog moves down. That puts
King in check.
>> Move me.
>> Yelp bravely moves forward. Stands in
line to take a bullet for their king.
>> Yelp a little blocker now.
>> The American. I must confess something.
>> Uh-huh.
>> What's your confession? I never hated
you.
>> What? A plot twist?
>> I was always jealous of your potential.
You could be anything and I'm stuck
being a rook.
>> I didn't before, but then you broke my
heart. I can't love you.
>> Will he'll die before reuniting?
>> We must promote
>> cinema
>> with the American Gamer. Really makes
you think.
>> You will only die by my hand.
>> Drama queens.
>> We have to block with y'all.
>> Or stalemate. This could be a draw by
repetition. If a crew wants to be
cowards,
>> stalemate, we are not coward only victim
>> and abandon all those who down their
lives.
>> Let's force and by repetition.
>> Force by repetition is boring. [gasps]
>> Queen to C8.
>> Queen to C8 would be here. Then Yelp
would move up and then would we just
repeat this forever? There's got to be
another way.
>> A crew is a bunch of cowards. Lol.
>> You could win it. You want to go for a
stalemate?
>> Boring.
>> Think of Kai of Daring.
>> All those who spilled blood on the
chessboard. Let's not stalemate. That's
boring.
>> He must die.
>> What is the plan? Let's end this the
oldfashioned way. The American still
seeking Yelp's blood.
>> Queen E8.
>> Okay, options.
>> Knight to G1.
>> Captain, why not kill Yelp?
>> Or Captain could kill Yelp in a brutal
self-sacrifice. I have a plan. Luna
shall lead us to V3. Okay, Luna moving
up.
>> No, don't hang.
>> Luna will die though.
>> Luna will die, but Cryo can defend.
Whoever says the next thing, I am going
off of your next decision.
>> Queen E8.
>> Queen moves here.
>> Yelp, you got this. Okay, you'll pass.
>> I guess I have to move back.
>> Yeah, you'll pass a move.
>> Queen F7.
>> Save queen.
>> Queen F7. Yeah, that seems like the most
logical thing.
>> No. Queen to E.
>> Queen to E. What?
>> Queen E6.
>> Okay. Queen to here.
>> Okay. Queen E6. Zrew, you are up.
>> Move me to G7.
>> G7.
>> Move my bishop to G7. It protects king
and pressure on rook. Also, Ya has me
DW.
>> Gotcha. All right. This seems like a
strong play. Proceeding fishing moves up
here.
>> Protects rook. And now the rooks protect
each other with proceeding. Putting
pressure down here on Luca.
>> A help.
>> This is a great move we made.
>> Queen to D5.
>> That's my rook
>> would be here. That puts check here.
Yulp has to move down. That move there.
A crew, you guys are up again. Go, go,
go. Queen D6. [music]
>> Queen. Queen.
>> You will not kill our spirit.
>> Queen G8.
>> Take their rook.
>> Take Wyatt. We fork them. LMO.
>> Nasty. And Wyatt is taken down by a
brilliant dog. Great job, queen.
>> A lot of anger towards Jay Dog right
now.
>> And finally, one of the rooks on the two
teams falls.
>> Queen, let's make a blood pack.
>> 07, you were a strong wall.
>> Captain Jay Dog takes Wyatt Cole.
[screaming and groaning]
>> No blood packs. Wyatt.
>> Brutal. Oh no. This is looking bad. I'm
going to be honest, y'all. Yelp moves
back to protect the check line here, but
that allows Captain Jayd Dog to continue
attacking the back line.
>> Queen G7. Take that false prophet.
>> Okay.
>> 07.
>> Proceeding is killed. Yelp. You're the
only powerful piece left on the last.
>> Just a pawn.
>> Banana captain is looking right at you.
>> Uh, guys, I think I'm done for here.
Yelp, you got this right.
>> We carry our hopes and dreams.
>> I'm screw. It's looking a little dicey.
I'm going to be honest. They are [__]
>> Z crew got to make a move somehow. The
next piece that tells me they want to
move, I'm moving you in.
>> I could move one forward to leave my
mark. My final ounce of pressure.
>> Banana forward.
>> And banana moves forward by one. Right
into the arms of Luna Fishisk.
>> I just shout my pants.
>> Luna, do it.
>> Luna, do not
go. No.
>> If you were to offer your surrender, I
will graciously accept it.
>> Okay, that's on the board as well.
>> Lucas, move. It sounds like consensus is
Lucas to move to G1 to cover Luda.
>> Let me move
>> Z crew.
>> Let there be love, not war. Me and
American need to reunite.
>> Yelp offering to move forward to
American Gamer for a moment of unity. At
which point, Banana Boy will be left to
fall.
>> Come over here and I will shake your
hand.
>> Yo, what if I take for funsies? Banana
Boy takes. Please.
>> I want to shake their hand.
>> Technically, you still have time for
that, Yol. can do. Let banana take, but
don't take.
>> Banana, do you take or move?
>> That fish is caught. Hook line and
sinker. I take
>> banana moves up and kills Luna fish.
>> 07.
[groaning and screaming]
>> 07 to our trap.
>> You will be missed.
>> A crew. How do you respond?
>> Thank you, Luna.
>> 07 is finished.
>> My favorite back.
>> Yeah, they've been reunited.
>> Kill banana.
>> Luka, take him out. Okay, Lucas. The
rook can move up here to banana. Queen
could also take
>> banana. Please take.
>> Who's eating the banana? Looks like
Lucas. Lucas moves forward and eats
banana boy. Final words.
>> We are so [__]
>> You're You're a fight. Just be
confident.
>> That's a lot of potassium. Bro,
>> ROOK MOVES FORWARD, KILLS BANANA. Z
CREW, you're up.
>> Draw.
>> Z crew offers a draw.
>> Pro [laughter]
lmo.
>> I'm also here.
>> Fr. Parley
>> Z crew, you're up. The draw offer was
not accepted and you don't have a lot at
your disposal right now. One of y'all
needs to move.
>> Me and Day American can finally reunite.
Stop this war.
>> Okay, Yelp moves forward and just maybe
can use diplomacy to convince A crew to
surrender. A crew, it is your team.
>> I move up one.
>> Colossiaptor wants to get in there.
Colossiaptor hasn't moved the entire
game and it's been asking for blood.
>> Kilo, do not kill my friend. Yelp,
>> if our wedding will be beautiful.
forward. Then Yulp has to decide whether
or not to kill you, dear American. It
would be a dramatic moment. Do it. Just
do it. Kilo, say you want to do it.
>> I would never.
>> Don't move.
>> You might have to kill your people. They
killed the option.
>> Yelp is saying they won't kill American.
You, Kilo, are the only thing protecting
the American. Kilo, I'm leaving it up to
you. Your call. Do you move forward and
pressure on Yulp, forcing him to make
the ultimate decision?
>> Have my side. Stand on the side of
peace.
>> I won't move. Kilo does not move. The
uneasy truth stands. Love, not war.
>> Acchre, you still have a move to make.
>> Don't look at me like that, Lucasco. But
you look so delicious. Let me eat your
super. Now my dream uneasy face.
>> Look at seven.
>> Kill super.
>> Yes.
>> And Luca kills super player.
>> I'm sorry. Super.
>> May you ride on the other side.
>> Regret nothing.
>> I got to move.
>> Yeah, Vice probably wants to get the
[__] out of there.
>> Queen, come back.
>> Viser, where you want to move? I'll just
leave it up to you.
>> QC8 moves all the way back to protect
Neon the Noble. Zrew is now in a
defensive position. A crew, you guys are
up.
[music]
>> Lucas finish.
>> Two tiles.
>> Lucas could move up. That's a rook. Puts
pressure on the king and queen. Or
>> F8.
>> You could finally let Bizarre move.
Who's wanted to move so bad the whole
game so badly.
>> Move up. Lucas 58.
>> I'm sorry, Bizar. It does look like
Lucas is going to be taking this. Lucas
moves to F8. puts pressure on the queen
now.
>> Dang it.
>> Z crew, you're up. Right now, your queen
is under threat. This is looking a
little bad.
>> Queen to B8.
>> Bice moves to the left for protection
from the king. Lucas, if you go in
there, the king will kill you. It's
sacrifice that you'd be making your own
life for that of a queen.
>> Luca, will you do this for me?
>> The king is asking, do you listen to the
king's orders?
>> The idea of a draw.
>> Lucas, kill. Avenge your fallen allies.
I may die, but our dreams will live on.
>> Let me eat the queen.
>> Lucas,
>> long live the
>> I will devour her.
>> Takes the black queen.
[groaning and screaming]
>> See crew, my queen.
>> Your only option is to take revenge.
>> Win this for me, my brothers.
>> And Neon gets revenge.
>> 07 you vice.
>> Let me move.
>> Yelp wants to move. It is a crew's turn
though. It's time. Bizarre. Is this
finally time? Is Bizaar get to move?
>> Bizar time.
>> Bizaro.
>> Damn. After 2 and 1/2 hours,
>> let me move two tiles to at least
stretch my legs.
>> On an adventure,
>> Bizaar gets to move forward. Damn, dude.
That probably felt so good.
>> The bomb advances.
>> That's my pawn. Z crew, you're up.
>> King to eight.
>> King to eight. That's a spot. Yelp. I
guess at any point you could betray the
truce and kill the American gamer.
>> He would never.
>> I won't betray American king. Move back.
I can block back row.
>> Yelp, you must trust me. Go to B7.
>> Wait, Yelp, he's saying for you to go to
B7. Do you listen to your king?
>> Do not sacrifice, my friend.
>> I trust my king.
>> Okay. Yelp trusts moves back.
>> American
>> here.
>> We've had our ups and downs, but today
is the day I make a name for myself.
>> I will miss you.
>> A crew, Yelp has moved back to defend
the king. Captain, you sacrifice
yourself to take out Yelp. It's not
technically necessary right now. Your
sacrifice will make me proud. Your king
is demanding sacrifice. Do you do it,
Captain Jay Dog?
>> I move to F6 and then D8 for checkmate.
>> F6 here. Interesting to um fully
communicate your plan.
>> You dare disobey my orders.
>> The queen. [laughter]
>> Queen F6.
>> A bit of a a bit of a a rift.
>> I'm schizophrenic [music] and have a
gun.
>> And Z crew is up. You were told of the
plan, which is to move here and
checkmate you. You might want to do
something about that.
>> I live.
>> Y is alive. We will talk after this
battle. Captain, you will be demoted to
a pawn and I'll have Bizaar as my new
queen. [laughter]
>> Love the idea. Let me move D7.
>> Yelp moves over behind. A crew, you're
up. I'm going to do the first thing you
say.
>> Push. Bizarre.
>> Bizaar moves forward. First thing you
say, I'm doing it from this point on.
>> Move me.
>> Moves forward. One space.
>> Me in front of friend. Cryo wants to
move up. Zegu, your turn. Me to H7.
>> Moves all the way here to H7. YELP
STARES DOWN BIZARRE AND KILLS THE END
JOURNEY.
>> Come at me.
>> Me to G6.
>> Queen to G6. Yelp is now in trouble.
Zero, you're up.
>> Meet me up.
>> Valley moves forward. What? [laughter]
Yelp. Captain Jay dog. Would you really
do that?
>> H8.
>> It was too late. Hold on.
>> No. I got it.
>> [__]
>> Always forward.
>> I just
>> I take Y.
>> No.
>> You wouldn't even know. Not Yelp.
>> American begging
>> FOR YELP'S LIFE. CAPTAIN, ARE YOU SURE
YOU DO IT?
>> PLEASE.
>> I said the first move I hear I do.
>> Man, no one else. You [__] [__]
>> The king is telling you not to. THE
PAWNS ARE TELLING YOU NOT TO. WHAT DO
YOU DO, JAY DOG? THE KNIGHTS ARE
BLOODTHIRSTY.
>> I can't leave.
>> Friend of s is bloodthirsty.
>> I will no die in V.
>> Kill him.
>> I can't leave without him. Spare him.
>> Captain Jay Dog,
>> finish him.
>> Captain, you know what to do.
I check king.
>> I don't know how that worked.
>> Cinema,
>> what a twist. Captain Jay Dog moves up.
Is now forking the king and Yelp.
>> I hope you are alive.
>> You have to move. Neon.
>> [__]
>> You have to go here or here. Yelp. Get
out of there. Yo's got a chance, but
king has to move.
>> B7.
>> Down by one. A crew. First person to
tell me a move. It happens.
>> Me to C4.
>> This moves to C4 FOR SOME REASON. WAIT,
THAT MEANS YULP can now kill Bizaar. New
Bizarre kill.
>> YULP KILLS BIZAR. YULP MOVES FORWARD AND
TAKES OUT BIZAR'S LONG JOURNEY. WE SAVED
YOU. Do not kill.
No [__]
>> American gamer sad to have allowed Yelp
to survive.
>> Yelp, you cannot attack my family.
>> See, American Gamer, the romance is
falling apart as Yelp begins killing the
white team. Crew is alive.
>> Romance their king. SIKI MOVES UP TO
ROMANCE. TERRIBLE MOVE. Z crew's up.
>> Check. H3. Yelp moves and puts pressure
on Ziki. Ziki, you are in check. You
must move. Captain Jaydaw could also
move. Who wants to do something?
>> I killed pawn on E4. You uh that's not a
thing. That's your own pawn.
>> No, please.
>> Why are you trying to kill him?
>> King G4.
>> Okay. King G4. Boom. You're here. You're
protected by the queen. And more
importantly, you're attacking Yelp.
Yelp, what do you do?
>> H2.
>> Down by one. A crew, what do you do?
>> Yelp, we trust.
>> I go to D5.
>> Jay dog down and puts king into check.
King C7.
>> C7 moves over one. You are now safe.
>> I move top left.
>> The king moves top left. Zeke is trying
to make their way to Z Cruz's king.
>> I go E5.
>> Too late. The king wants it as somebody
in chat just said. C2. And Yelp moves to
C2.
>> New.
>> Come to me. I will forgive you for what
you've done.
>> My love.
>> My lover.
>> Actually, from closer up, you look ugly.
I go down. [laughter]
Okay, the king gets the move again. This
is how chess is about to be played.
Dude,
>> come hold me.
>> C3. Eye to eye. Reunited with the
American gamer. But the tables have
flipped. I look at my blood stained
hands in horror of what I've become. I
think of those I've killed.
>> Oh god. Of those I've lost. Of what you
made me. Dog.
>> Hey, crew.
>> Captain J spills blood for the first
time in a bit. Yay. Yay. You have been
taken out. I'm giving you a chance for a
final word.
>> Love is truly beautiful.
>> Yeah. No, it is ex except RIGHT ABOVE
YOU. SOMEBODY'S DYING. Z crew, you're
up.
>> Am I evil? I have killed. To be reunited
for someone I care about. And for what?
>> Was it worth it? Would you kill for
love? Yelp.
>> I have Shane.
>> Yelp. I want to become a rook with you.
>> Can I be forgiven?
>> Does anybody have a move?
>> D7.
>> The king is moving over. Yelp continues
to stay.
>> I take Vi.
>> He is my prey captain.
Ziki [laughter] was going in for the
kill.
>> I must kill to give inspiration to my
men.
>> Belly, final words.
>> I'm so sorry for everything I did wrong.
I'm at peace.
>> Ellie atoning for their sins. And
Captain Jay Dog murders the second to
last pawn.
>> 07.
>> Z crew, you are up.
>> I'm Omega forked. [laughter]
>> Neon has to move.
>> E6.
>> Neon moves one step closer.
>> I go up
>> to Parlay. You can't go. You can't go
up. I take Yelp for a
>> draw. Queen up one.
>> Captain Jay Dog said it first.
>> Don't kill me.
>> Do not kill Yelp. No. No. No.
>> Captain Jay Dog is taking Yelp. One last
chance. The draw.
>> A draw has been offered by Yelp.
>> Out of peace.
>> If 75% of White accepts the draw.
>> I take draw.
>> One vote for draw. You need 75% more.
>> I scared you. You killed Bizar.
>> No. From Coloss. If everybody else
>> I vote for draw.
>> No draw. THAT IS A REJECTION. CAPTAIN
JAY DOG moves in and kills yo.
[screaming and groaning]
>> I will not let a draw after all that's
been spilled.
>> Too much bloodshed.
>> Cryonami.
>> Why?
>> In the final scene of an anime watching
their former protagonist
>> fo. They will be remembered.
>> Fall to evil. Wondering if they're even
on the winning side anymore.
>> Yelp died for my sins.
>> Noo. As a reminder, 16 Jay Pleasant
still has not moved a single time in
this game. Z crew, it's your turn. 16,
you want to move? Yeah.
>> To move or not to move, that is the
question.
>> That is the question. Yes. What do you
guys move?
>> Tis, but a scratch king. We got this.
>> True. I move forward.
>> Pleasance moves forward.
>> I am now a pacifist. I will not resort
to violence in the name of Yelp. I move
before.
>> The American is here. Z crew, you're up
again. Pleasant, do you move in?
>> Don't. I order you to kill. I will not
kill.
>> Pleasants, you might be able to make
this line.
>> You will kill.
>> I move forward again.
>> Pleasants moves forward to American
Gamer. What do you do?
>> I will not be violent.
>> Kill him.
>> Your king demands blood.
>> I have to force my hand.
>> American Gamer refuses.
>> No merc.
>> Oh. Oh, this king. Okay. Knight moves
up. Secret group.
>> I get my shotgun out and shoot the white
king.
>> Unfortunately, it misses.
>> Hello, pleasants.
>> Pleasants, you have the opportunity
here. Do you move forward or do you
attack?
>> We are friends, not foes.
>> I'm delayed, but I move forward.
>> Pleasance passes up on bloodshed and
takes a step forward. Immediately to
American Gamer walks past a bit of a
tense moment as the troops walk by
without firing. Pleasant
>> Cinema,
>> you're up. I smoke a cigarette. Okay,
>> cinema.
>> Z crew, you've got to move.
>> I move forward again if I can.
>> Pleasants moves forward. Hey crew, this
has been a three and a half hour game of
[laughter] chess.
>> I take pleasants. No mercy. [gasps]
>> Oh no. Before the American can move on.
>> I SHALL WALK INTO THE VALLEY OF DEATH
WHERE I fear NO EVIL.
>> TAKES OUT J PLEASANTS.
>> LOL. I JUST SAW asy art of boobs in chat
cinema.
>> Truly a tragic moment across the chat.
>> I was too slow.
>> Captain Jay Dog's triggerhappy
bloodthirstiness. You are my favorite
captain. You are not demoted and only
the king is left.
>> F6.
>> Neon moves over.
>> I move B6.
>> America moves up. Neon, I can pick for
you if you want. I know there's not a
lot of options here.
>> Just move me in a circle. I am
tragically lost.
>> All right. A crew, whatever you guys
tell me to do. I'm just going in that
order. I will move Neon as needed.
>> I move up one.
>> Okay. Melis moves up one.
>> Okay. You move to B7. Neon moves here.
>> B8. The American steps forward.
>> Give me Ruck for Yelp we will not forget
>> and in a beautiful transformation like a
butterfly changes to a Rook.
>> Yelp lives on.
>> Yelp is back in spirit. They grow up so
fast cries.
>> Neon, I will move you back here. Captain
Jay Dog, what do you do? Or not anybody.
Literally anybody on King,
>> you have to give me a specific move. A7.
Boom. Neon is in check. Can move either
of these two spots. I'll just move here.
And I think, ladies and gentlemen, the
game is nearly at an end. Hey crew,
>> I move up one. [music]
>> Okay, never never mind. Goodbye.
>> Goodbye. We have one.
>> Okay, this moves here. Oh, wait, wait,
wait, wait, hold on.
>> Wait. No way.
>> Can I have one final word?
>> No. [laughter]
>> No [__] way. Hold on. Hold on.
>> Wait.
>> You moved here.
>> That is checkmate.
>> That means that
>> they stalemated.
>> What have you done? Haha.
>> This spot, this spot, this spot, this
spot, this spot. Because of night, this
spot and this spot are legal.
>> Stalemated.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, the game ends in a
stalemate.
>> I win. Win. [laughter]
>> Captain, execute this pawn. Now
>> I am taking that as a [__] win.
[laughter]
>> TWITCH PLAYS CHESS. WHAT A GAME. IT ENDS
WITH PEACE.
>> CREW, it ends with peace.
>> This world is cruel. We were cruel. It
[music] was an honor fight.
>> May Neon be the seed of hope for your
people.
>> Oh my god, I killed the king
accidentally. I'm sorry. Whoopsy daisy.
So, despite all my efforts to make
Twitch chat kill each other. Despite a
crew having five more pieces, they still
found the one way to stalemate the game.
It's a draw. No one wins.
>> LMA.
>> I might be dumb. [laughter] So join me
next week when we play Connect 4.